hey everyone so happy Monday today I
have a cooking video for you guys and
for those of you who are like Claire
you've never done a food video before
you are incorrect my friend I have this
one over here which is an awesome
guacamole with mango recipe and this one
down here which is a butter cake recipe
which was the first time I had ever done
it but I think it turned out pretty well
but for today's dish I'm doing something
really quick and easy I actually posted
a photo on Instagram and if you guys
follow me on Instagram you can probably
tell that I'm a bit of a food enthusiast
I like to cook and bake at home
sometimes and I don't think I'm that bad
but I don't do it very often because I
feel like I always make way too much but
with this dish I feel like it's pretty
easy to control how much you make and
you're not wasting a ton of food this is
kind of my take on a traditional Korean
dish called bibimbap but before you guys
say anything
yes I'm Korean but no I was not raised
in a Korean household so I don't know
how to do the traditional style but I
feel like this kind of incorporates all
the flavors that I really like that I
typically have to get in a restaurant
now when I said that this was a cooking
video I kind of use that term loosely
just because the only cooking that you
really have to do is the rice in this
video I mean you can add anything that
you want to you could add meat if you'd
like but I didn't really do that I kind
of just used all the stuff that I had at
home and I don't have any meat currently
just cook your rice this is the kind
that I like to use right now it's a
brown rice and you can use whatever rice
you want you can use white rice you can
use brown rice you can use gluten free
you can use gluten whatever I am NOT a
racist man I was so excited to say that
joke anyway like I was saying go ahead
and cook your rice according to the
directions on the back whatever they may
be and since I'm only making this really
for myself I'm only going to do half a
cup of the beet brown rice just because
once cooked it makes about two servings
which is perfect for me and the
directions on my bag of rice say that
you should go ahead and add either
butter oil to the pan so I'm just going
to add a little bit of sesame oil just
to add a little bit of extra Asian
flavor in there and then really all you
have to do is make the sauce and the key
to this sauce the main ingredient that
you really can't substitute is the
gochujang or I don't know if I was even
saying that right but is
Korean red pepper paste and this is just
a very common Korean condiment try
saying that five times fast but I see it
a lot in Korean cuisine whether it's
just on its own or if you mix other
things into it to kind of enhance the
flavor I like to add honey as a
sweetener because on its own
go to Thanh is kind of sweet but it's
mostly salty and spicy and then I do add
a tiny bit of soy sauce but that's
totally optional and unnecessary because
like I said it's already pretty salty on
its own and just eyeball it or do it to
taste because sometimes I make it with a
little less honey or make it with little
more sesame oil depending on how I'm
feeling but it's totally up to you now
at this point you can go ahead and cook
any meat or vegetables or any other
things that you want to add to it it's
totally up to you it's really good with
like ground beef or some sauteed
vegetables even mushrooms I really like
in this
but for me I don't really have any of
that stuff today so I'm just going to
add green onion and kimchi cuz I do have
kimchi in my fridge and then also I have
an egg because why not throw a bird on
it and make it even more breakfast like
but that's pretty much it guys
once your rice is cooked all you have to
do is throw in your sauce mix it all
together go ahead and put it into a bowl
at this point this is where you could
add any meats or vegetables like I said
I only have kimchi and I'm going to put
a fried egg on top and then I'm just
going to garnish it with a little bit of
green onion so that is my cream dipping
Bop Clare version salted just kidding
that's a totally different channel and
you should check them out because
they're way better cooking channel I
hope that this expanded your taste buds
a little bit and you'll try cooking more
exotic foods at home and let me know
what other dishes you might want to see
in the comments section below
I am vlogging this week because it is
VidCon so I have some cool stuff
happening and yes that is all I'm gonna
say about it so I'm going to finish it
here thank you guys for watching as
always I hope you have a fantastic week
and I will talk to you very soon bye
you
everyone so about a week ago actually
that's a lie
I don't often cook and bake at home how
dare you don't get too excited guys this
is just a really excellent bro I am NOT
Korean I am Green actually me I get a
little bit of a boner saying runny egg
it sounds so awful